in this cooking class we will make an omelet
bake the french call it a stupid one
led tubes
which means that the omelet is cooked but also
soft and moist on the inside
variant we stick chinese omelette
let's start
step 1 press 3 eggs over a bowl
add some salt and pepper and stir
with a fork
not too long or too hard because then
loses its lightness
nice and loose for extra smoothness you can
you add a tablespoon of water or milk
you can also order an omelet with fresh ones
make herbs out of it
then add a few tablespoons of chives
dried parsley and a teaspoon
put on a trachoma but we
old natural
step 2 the secret of a good omelette
in small pan
heat a non-stick frying pan
of about 20 centimeters in diameter 30
seconds on medium heat
put the butter in the pan and password
bustling but not discolored
spread over the entire pan now we turn
heat high and pour with egg mixture
very briefly in the pan
really only keep the pan for five seconds
slightly above the fire and push with
spatula the egg upwards so that it
still liquid he comes down in
greenhouse solidify
do this a few times until almost already
the egg is solidified and lower the heat
who don't put it together about 30
seconds
baker not too long because the omelet it
soft connect
step 3 make sure the edges are loose
sit then fold the omelet using
a spatula double
you do this in the pan and not on the plate
we leave a soup on a warm plate
to slide
and that's how you pack an omelet
in this variant we take a chinese one
omelette with shrimp ham and rope d
the oven
step 1 break 3 eggs over a bowl
add some pepper and 1 tablespoon of soy sauce
brother loose with a fork nice and loose
and not too long nor too powerful
turn on the oven grill
cut a spring onion into rings
heat an ovenproof frying pan about 30
seconds on medium heat
add a tablespoon sesame oil
make sure the whole bottom is with the oil
covered and turn the heat high
do the rider divide it he over
the bottom of the pan and bake for another 5 seconds
out by the fire
sprinkle the omelet with half a bowl
ice shrimp
a bowl of ham cubes a handful of tabee
and some spring onion the women with a spatula
double
put the omelet for another 5 minutes under the
grill and sprinkle the rest of the spring onion
about it
this is how you bake a chinese omelet